Added warning to GCS [DOC-359] (#2153)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/google-cloud-storage/index.md

The Google Cloud Storage (GCS) destination puts the raw logs of the data Segment receives into your GCS bucket. The data is copied into your bucket at least every hour. You might see multiple files over a period of time depending on how much data is copied.

> warning ""

> > The Google Cloud Storage destination works differently than other destinations in Segment. As a result, Segment sends **all** data from a Personas source to GCS during the sync process, not only the connected audiences and traits. Using a destinations selector like the [integrations object](/docs/connections/spec/common/#integrations) does not affect the events events sent to GCS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Google Cloud Storage destination works differently than other destinations in Segment. Segment sends **all** data from a Personas source to GCS during the sync process, not only the connected audiences and traits. Using a destinations selector like the [integrations object](/docs/connections/spec/common/#integrations) doesn't affect the events events sent to GCS.
```
